"To err is human; To forgive divine"
Alexander Pope
"A wise man speaks because he has something to say, a fool speaks because he has to say something"
Plato
"Speech is power: speech is to persuade, to convert, to compel"
Ralph Waldo Emerson
"It takes one hour of preparation for each minute of presentation time"
Wayne Burgraff
"Talk to a man about himself, and he will listen for hours."
Benjamin Disraeli
"They may forget what you said, but they will never forget how you made them feel"
Carl W. Buechne
"Grasp the subject, the words will follow"
Cato The Elder
"The most precious things in speech are the pauses"
Sir Ralph Richardson
"Well-timed silence hath more eloquence than speech"
Martin Fraquhar Tupper
"Words have incredible power. They can make people's hearts soar, or they can make people's hearts sore"
Dr. Mardy Grothe. 
"The only reason to give a speech is to change the world."
John F. Kennedy
"The most powerful person in the world is the storyteller. The storyteller sets the vision, values, and agenda of an entire generation that is to come."
Steve Jobs
"Don’t wait around for someone else to tell your story. Do it yourself by whatever means necessary."
Leonardo DiCaprio
"Your number one task as a speaker is to transfer into your listeners’ minds an extraordinary gift—a strange and beautiful object that we call an idea."
Chris Anderson
"No one can make you feel inferior without your consent."
Eleanor Roosevelt
"According to most studies, people’s number one fear is public speaking. Number two is death. Death is number two. Does that sound right? This means to the average person, if you go to a funeral, you’re better off in the casket than doing the eulogy."
Jerry Seinfeld
"There are two types of speakers: those that are nervous and those that are liars."
Mark Twain
"What's the most important message you want to leave your audience with—and why should they care? Every listener instinctively wants to know one thing: What’s in this for me?"
Oprah Winfrey
"Human beings need forgiveness like we need oxygen — a nation devoid of grace will make its people miserable."
David French
"Without noticing we're doing it, we treat the future as intrinsically more valuable than the present. And yet the future never seems to arrive."
Oliver Burkeman
"The more we value things outside our control, the less control we have."
Epictetus
"Adapt what is useful, reject what is useless, and add what is specifically your own"
Bruce Lee
"I prefer to be true to myself, even at the hazard of incurring the ridicule of others, rather than to be false, and to incur my own abhorrence."
Fredrick Douglass
"The whole trick is keeping the truth up front in daily consciousness."
David Foster Wallace
"Success generally comes after you start. If you think success comes before you start, the world probably looks confusing to you."
Scott Adams
"Some feel we have no control over what happens to us. If this is your belief, then it’s probably real for you."
Leo Babauta
"We are here and it is now: further than that all human knowledge is moonshine."
H. L. Mencken
"If someone is able to show me that what I think or do is not right, I will happily change. For I seek the truth, by which no one ever was truly harmed. Harmed is the person who continues in his self-deception and ignorance."
Marcus Aurelius
"Who can say if the thoughts you have in your mind as you read these words are the same thoughts I had in my mind as I typed them? We are different, you and I, and the qualia of our consciousnesses are as divergent as two stars at the ends of the universe. \nAnd yet, whatever has been lost in translation in the long journey of my thoughts through the maze of civilization to your mind, I think you do understand me, and you think you do understand me. Our minds managed to touch, if but briefly and imperfectly.\n\n Does the thought not make the universe seem just a bit kinder, a bit brighter, a bit warmer and more human? \n\n We live for such miracles."
Ken Liu
"Health lies in action, and so it graces youth. To be busy is the secret of grace, and half the secret of content. Let us ask the gods not for possessions, but for things to do; happiness is in making things rather than in consuming them."
Will Durant
"No one should abandon duties because he sees defects in them. Every action, every activity, is surrounded by defects as a fire is surrounded by smoke."
Krishna
"A mind all logic is like a knife all blade. It makes the hand bleed that uses it."
Rabindranath Tagore
"Don't be the person who says yes with their mouth but no with their actions."
Ryan Holiday
"Spit on your hands and get busy. Your blood will start circulating; your mind will start ticking—and pretty soon this whole positive upsurge of life in your body will drive worry from your mind. Get busy. Keep busy. It’s the cheapest kind of medicine there is on this earth—and one of the best."
Dale Carnegie
"Select your purpose … selfless, without any thought of personal pleasure or personal profit, and then use selfless means to attain your goal."
Gandhi
"The essence of the independent mind lies not in what it thinks, but in how it thinks."
Christopher Hitchens
"You want to deliver to the world what you would buy if you were on the other end."
Shane Parrish, Farnham Street
"The biggest problem we run into is going, 'This is who I am, this is what I'm like, this is how I function while failing to notice that you don’t do that anymore."
Neil Gaiman
"The best things in life are free. The second best things are very, very expensive."
Coco Chanel
"All cruelty springs from weakness."
Seneca
"The truth knocks on the door and you say, 'Go away, I'm looking for the truth,' and so it goes away. Puzzling."
Robert M. Pirsig
"No man can serve two masters. Your life is shaped by the end you live for. You are made in the image of what you desire."
Thomas Merton, Thoughts in Solitude
"It's unfortunate that this happened. No. It's fortunate that this has happened and I've remained unharmed."
Marcus Aurelius
"The only aspect of your life that fortune does not have control over is your behavior."
Nassim Taleb
"Learning to let go should be learned before learning to get. Life should be touched, not strangled. You’ve got to relax, let it happen at times, and at others move forward with it."
Ray Bradbury
"Your visions will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakens."
C.G. Jung
"To be prepared against surprise is to be trained. To be prepared for surprise is to be educated."
James Carse, Finite and Infinite Games
"So, if you cannot understand that there is something in man which responds to the challenge of this mountain and goes out to meet it, that the struggle is the struggle of life itself upward and forever upward, then you won’t see why we go. What we get from this adventure is just sheer joy. And joy is, after all, the end of life."
George Mallory
"It is our responsibilities, not ourselves, that we should take seriously."
Peter Ustinov
"A tunnel is a cave with a light at the end. Just because it's dark it doesn't mean we're underground. It often means that no one has bothered to turn on the lights."
Seth Godin